New article - Running Complex Python scripts (#625)
kestra-io/docs: content/blogs/2023-11-03-advanced-python-scripts.md

---
title: "Kestra and Python: How to Run and Integrate Complex Scripts into Your Flows"
description: "Learn two recommended and scalable ways of including long and complex Python scripts into your Kestra flows."
date: 2023-11-06T12:00:00
category: Solutions
author:
  name: Dario Radecic
  image: "dradecic"
image:
---

When it comes to data orchestration platforms and Airflow alternatives, [Kestra](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra) is a one-stop shop that allows you to integrate scripts from various programming languages, such as Python.

> The thing is, Python scripts with several hundreds of lines of code are messy in themselves. Things go nuclear when you paste that code into a YAML file, which is a data serialization language Kestra uses to organize flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

there's no need to mention that method, especially not by saying it's "nuclear" :) it works well for simple functions

> One way around it is to **store your scripts on GitHub** and use a bit of Kestra magic to download the repo and run the scripts. This also has the added benefit of being able to change the script on the fly, and not having to do a thing with the actual flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One solution to orchestrate Python scripts is to **version control them in Git** and use a dedicated Kestra task called `git.Clone` to retrieve the code at runtime. This has the added benefit of being able to change the script on the fly without having to change or redeploy the actual flow.
```

> The alternative way is to use **Kestra's new code editor**, which allows you to write and use Python scripts straight from the Kestra UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An even better solution is to use **Kestra's new code editor**, which allows you to write and use Python scripts straight from the Kestra UI.
```
